Update AWX/AAP/Ansible docs links (#3778)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-project-server-to-awx-as-a-dynamic-inventory-item.adoc

.Procedure
. In the {awx} web UI, create a credential for your {Project}.
For more information about creating credentials, see
ifdef::satellite[]

> https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#controller-create-credential[Creating new credentials] and https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#ref-controller-credential-satellite[{ProjectNameX} credential type] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#controller-create-credential[Creating new credentials] and {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#ref-controller-credential-satellite[{ProjectNameX} credential type] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.
```

refs https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L29

|====
+
. Add an {awx} user to the new credential.
For more information about adding a user to a credential, see
ifdef::satellite[]

> https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#controller-credential-add-users-job-templates[Adding new users and job templates to existing credentials] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-credentials#controller-credential-add-users-job-templates[Adding new users and job templates to existing credentials] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.
```

endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/awx/en/24.6.1/userguide/credentials.html#getting-started-with-credentials[Getting Started with Credentials] in _AWX community documentation_.
endif::[]
. Add a new inventory.
For more information, see
ifdef::satellite[]

> https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-inventories#proc-controller-adding-new-inventory[Add a new inventory] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html/using_automation_execution/controller-inventories#proc-controller-adding-new-inventory[Add a new inventory] in _Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.
```
